ThemeBuilder: update the Import/Export dialog T898648 (#3841)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/60 Themes and Styles/05 Predefined Themes/70 Color Swatches.md

* **[ThemeBuilder UI](/concepts/60%20Themes%20and%20Styles/08%20ThemeBuilder '/Documentation/Guide/Themes_and_Styles/ThemeBuilder/')**       

>     Click **Export** on the toolbar to open the **Theme Export** popup dialog. Enter the color swatch's name, check the **Save as a color swatch** checkbox, and proceed to the last step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Click **Export** on the toolbar to open the **Theme Export** pop-up dialog. Enter the color swatch's name, check the **Save as a color swatch** checkbox, and proceed to the last step.
```
